[Music]
[Applause]
take a body a chica honeymoon okay so so
mosaic action action film of course
backdrop action card action thriller
they keep me company while interesting I
think talks about the nexus between
journalism and news banana wallah all
news
Vilano Oliver eco kitna powerful medium
I went out with me buddy business with
you the body interesting scripted
terrorism Co backdrop Merapi with film
Ania shoot us are only made of dominica
a child roller guest appearance fella
can i play an ex-commando who's now a
journalist on the field
ene Afghanistan dangerous silicon along
camino a coverage Carter oasis Suzanne
I would say it's a no lanata
I actually feel like I said it's got a
gate script of course the backdrop is
action kooky journalist Joe Mumbai
Sujata was a fearless journalist for a
channel Cassatt
tokima conquer and bow of Asiata kasev
arsenical Dow Chemical but that's the
story so there is action action not in
just bang bang action making thriller
coffee 3 Lord Allah Allah kisum - action
journalist Cassatt Rose mentality
- what sorry Jesus a signal that I think
it was easier or openly talking of work
et subject interested me about it it was
very interesting here normal revenge
story neethu but it was a subject that
you know every kid in every every
citizen of every country is most
concerned about this IV next and it's so
based on television and it's like I said
it's the backdrop of our news and
somebody produces using some who
distributes that news so what if there
is a nexus what is the situation the
world
[Music]
I think our looks express what was a
much appreciated John the director as
well as ocean to coffee
appreciation minute Ito I will go with
that one Tommy Chauvin banana Joe just
semi convinced to successful failures in
which a model of noon I'm at LeBron
Angelia Cuban the visera to agenda
packable I thought sorry John was a
cosmic egg the channels definitely a
joke good news banana or TRP ketchup
karma duniya London's about the breaking
news data mujhey John Hanke breaking
news in Kabul attack your ass agus a
garage breaking news are canta breaking
news Malta I said it's each one's
decision like him that's the way it is
but I guess apni Zarya your own way of
doing business but have some janta here
factor this in a video go SS vodka thank
you a traveler today like in science are
born of samba
[Music]
[Applause]
to watch more log onto wwlp.com